TW-380 Document GraphQL schema introspection (#3891)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/sending-requests/supported-api-frameworks/graphql.md

## Using Postman's built-in support for GraphQL

> Postman has built-in support for [sending GraphQL queries in the request body](#sending-graphql-queries-in-the-request-body), [using GraphQL variables](#using-graphql-variables), and [importing GraphQL schemas](#importing-graphql-schemas).

Reviewer: > Importing GraphQL Schemas 

We can change this to `Introspection and Importing GraphQL Schemas`

1. Under the **Body** tab, select the **GraphQL** body type.
1. Enter your GraphQL query in the **Query** editor. This editor enables you to author and edit both queries and variables separately.

![Select the GraphQL body type](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/graphql-query-v9-14.jpg)

### Using GraphQL variables

1. Enter your GraphQL variables in the **GraphQL variables** editor.
1. In the **Query** editor, declare your GraphQL variable in your GraphQL query. For more information on how to use GraphQL variables, see the [GraphQL variables documentation](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/#variables).

![Using GraphQL variables](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/graphql-variables-v9-14.jpg)

> You can also [use Postman variables](/docs/sending-requests/variables/) as data inputs for GraphQL variables using `{{variable}}` syntax.

### Importing GraphQL schemas

> To enable autocompletion, your request needs a GraphQL schema. Postman will automatically fetch a schema based on the request URL, using introspection. A message is displayed next to the schema selection list when Postman is able to auto-fetch a schema. If your schema has changed, select <img alt="Refresh icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-refresh-v9-5.jpg" width="14px" style="vertical-align:middle;margin-bottom:5px"> to refresh it.

Reviewer: using *GraphQL Introspection*

> To enable autocompletion, your request needs a GraphQL schema. Postman will automatically fetch a schema based on the request URL, using introspection. A message is displayed next to the schema selection list when Postman is able to auto-fetch a schema. If your schema has changed, select <img alt="Refresh icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-refresh-v9-5.jpg" width="14px" style="vertical-align:middle;margin-bottom:5px"> to refresh it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable autocompletion, your request needs a GraphQL schema. Postman will automatically fetch a schema based on the request URL, using introspection. A message is displayed next to the schema selection list when Postman is able to auto-fetch a schema. If your schema has changed, select the refresh icon <img alt="Refresh icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-refresh-v9-5.jpg" width="14px" style="vertical-align:middle;margin-bottom:5px"> to pull in the changes.
```
